Mr. Yan
I want to ask for a day off to deal with the hot search.
OK
I accompany you
allowed leave
Thank you Mr. Yan
What are you still doing?
It's all done.
Mr. Yan
Let me reintroduce you.
My name is Gu Nuannuan
It's Gu Qingqing's sister
Ah!
I don't think you know anything about my sister's past
He was just young
I'm not interested in my employees' personal lives
You like it so much?
I might as well quit my job and go to an entertainment company
Gu Qingqing, you are a broken shoe bitch
Why did you get the favor of the world-weary minister?
I will definitely expose your true colors
Why hasn't this car come yet?
In fact, how are you?
I came to you immediately when I saw the hot search
Are you all right?
Let me explain.
Those hot searches are fake
I just communicate with the guests normally and trust you.
You don't have to explain
Actually you are so nice
You are my wife
I don't believe who do you believe
So what do you want to do now?
I'm going to the Star Hotel.
Those hot searches must have come from the pig's intestine
Gu Qingqing, Gu Qingqing
Call you noble
Call you prude
I was complained by Mr. Yan
You're not going to be any better now
Hu Dachang, is this hot search your fault?